Revise Solr default handling, and tweak Drupal language. (#1484)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/frameworks/drupal8/solr.md

in your project root and commit the resulting change to `composer.json` and `composer.lock`.  That will cause Composer to install the 4.3 version of Event Dispatcher.  Once [this issue](https://www.drupal.org/project/drupal/issues/2876675) is resolved in core this step will no longer be necessary.

> If you are using the latest version of Search API Solr and running Drupal 8.8 or higher on PHP7.2 or higher, this step is no longer necessary. You should be able to proceed directly to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the latest version of Search API Solr and running Drupal 8.8 or higher on PHP 7.2 or higher, this step is no longer necessary. You should be able to proceed directly to the next step.
```
